This folder contains two traces. These traces are generated by running an incast experiment in the OMNET++/INET simulator extension for IRN, and collecting relevant inputs and outputs of the events triggered at the sender nodes. 

sendInput-40Gbps-incast.txt:  
This is the input trace. The value in the first line corresponds to the total number of lines in the file. Each subsequent line in this file indicates an event being triggered for a particular QP (or flow). 
1. The first two values in each line corresponds to the QID (QP identifier) and the event ID (0 for txFree, 1 for receiveAck, and 2 for timeout). 
2. For cases where event ID (second value) is is 1, corresponding to receiveAck, the line contains three more values corresponding to the relevant fields in the ack header (cumulative acknowledgement, selective acknowledgement and ack syndrome respectively).
3. For cases where event ID (second value) is is 2, corresponding to timeout, the line contains an additional value indicating whether or not this timeout was triggered using the quick RTO (RTO_low) value. 

This file is read by the testbench (sendData_tb.cpp) line by line. The modules corresponding to the event Id are triggered, with the relevant QP context and the read metadata passed as arguments. One can refer to the testbench code to get a better sense of how this file is used.

sendOutput-40Gbps-incast.txt:
This is the output trace. Each line in this file indicates the output after processing each event, along with the relevant QP context at that point.
1. The first value in each line is the event ID as specified above. 
2. The last seven values are fields in the QP context (next sequence to send, last acknowledgement, retransmit sequence number, recovery sequence, flag for retransmission, flag for recovery, flag to find new hole respectively).
3. For txFree event (eventID 0), the additional second and third values represent the txFree output: whether or not a packet is being transmitted and which packet sequence it is. 
4. For timeout event (eventID 1), the additional second value indicates whether the timeout was processed in this round, or if an extension is required (based on whether the quick RTO condition is satisfied). 
This is the gold-standard against which a similar output generated by the sendData testbench is compared.
